OMR Writeup:
Refer to the OMR_Var_Relationship.html diagram for object properties.
Refer to the InterpretableMUSformat.txt writeup for WIDTH/PITCH, etc properties.

An Object has the following properties:
  Coordinates - X, Y
  Size - W, H
  Identification - Type

A Staff Line has the following property:
  Y coordinate
A staff line is grouped into sets of 5 determined by descending Y coordinate.

The procedure for identifying objects is as follows.
1. Determine and group staff lines.
1.5 Remove staff lines by section from the image used to identify objects and
  reclean the image.
2. Define the bounds in which objects are identified as the topmost staff line
  Y-coordinate + X height and the lowest staff line Y-coordinate - X height.
  The X value determined is that which extends to encompass a hypothetical note
  on the highest and lowest ledger line. This is assumed to be 4 space widths
  away from the staff in either direction.
  Note: This will have to be determined manually and an average of possible X
  values will have to be determined to make an efficient judgement.
3. Within these bounds of each set of staff lines, determine all objects within.
  Procedurally, that includes note heads, flags, accidentals, rests, and
  extraneous artefacts.
  For each appearance of a note head, the average sum of black pixels above/below
  is determined in order to find the flag and therefore the note WIDTH.
  Note: This will have to be determined manually and an average sum that differs
  consistently for multiple types of flags must be found.
4. An array consisting of existence for each note appearance in relation to
  artefacts such as accidentals must be filled. For example, if a quarter note
  has a flat in front of it with a centerpoint identifiable within some range,
  then the flat id should be marked with a 1 and put into consideration when
  creating the final score.
5. The final array is created. Notes are identified by their object type and
  PITCH are determined by their centerpoint position being within the bounds
  of two staff lines in a staff grouping. For notes that extend past the staff
  lines, hypothetical lines are created with their y-coordinates plotted.
  After acquiring their pitch value, each note is adjusted based on the presence
  of accidentals and the key signature, which is separately identified at the
  beginning. The WIDTH for each note is determined by their note head type and
  flag value - determined in 3.
  Since notes are ordered in terms of appearance, it is assumed that notes that
  appear on the same beat have the same X value. Notes are ordered first by
  identifying which notes and artefacts exist in a specific staff line set and
  grouped by X coordinate (adjusted for template inaccuracies within a small
  range). For each set of notes in the same X coordinate, notes are aligned
  in the array that is a union - much like the structure in InterpretableMUSformat,
  the value at an index could be either a delimeter or a struct with PITCH and
  WIDTH and/or an optional designation (i.e. staccato).
6. The final array is transcribed into a file format. This can be in binary
  format as stipulated by the InterpretableMUSformat.txt writeup.
